Make positionals opt-in when strict:true (#116)
pkgjs/parseargs: README.md

  * `positionals` {string\[]}, containing positional arguments.

Provides a higher level API for command-line argument parsing than interacting

> with `process.argv` directly. Takes a specification for the expected options and returns a structured object corresponding to passed arguments.

Reviewer: Trying a variation to cover options and positionals. I wanted to try and spin the story the config is for everything you expect.

This does give positional more weight than has in the config, but values/positionals are more equally righted in  the result.

```suggestion
with `process.argv` directly. Takes a specification for the expected arguments and returns a structured object with the parsed options and positionals.
```

Author: SGTM
